Title: Prospectus
Date: 2014-10-18 09:00
Category: Main

## Information for possible sponsors

## What is Free/Libre Open Source and Open Knowledge Association of Kansas
FLOSOKAKS (openkansas.us)?

The Free/Libre Open Source and Open Knowledge Association of Kansas is a new
organization in Kansas started with the goal of promoting Free/Libre Open
Source Software and Open Knowledge in the state of Kansas.

There are a large number of groups in Kansas and the surrounding areas, the
**FLOSOKAKS **will work with them together and aims to create a state wide
organization that has members who represent all local groups. You will find a
list of groups that we will contact and invite to participate here :
[http://www.openkansas.us/hacklabscomputer-clubs](http://www.openkansas.us
/hacklabscomputer-clubs)

## What is Kansas Linux Fest?

Kanas Linux Fest is a new festival of Free/Libre Open Source Software, Open
Hardware and Open Knowledge.The Kansas Linux Fest will be held for the first
time on the 21st and 22nd of March 2015, in Lawrence Kansas.

The goal is to establish a yearly conference where members of the F/LOSS
community can meet and share for the Heartland. The next closest Linux Fest is
in Ohio and there is no other within 12 hours driving from here.Kansas Linux
Fest is organized into two days of talks and workshops in parallel.

We will have talks from F/LOSS experts from around the word, from the region
and local developers and communities presenting their work.

### Demand for a conference

The F/LOSS community continues to grow, and in Kansas and the surrounding
states there is a large amount of activity. The adoption rate of Linux and
F/LOSS software is high. The high demand for people with F/LOSS expertise
shows that we need to do more here in Kanas to raise awareness about the
benefits of this great community.

### Goals for the conference

We want to create a yearly event that helps strengthen the F/LOSS community
here in Kansas.

#### Keep costs down for attendees

We want to have a free event so that people will not have to pay for entrance
fee. We will ask for voluntary donations. Any excess funds from the conference
will be used to buy food and drinks for the group.

#### Spending

Sponsors help pay for marketing, t-shirts, event space, even coffee/tea and
lunches if enough funds are available. We will consider helping pay travel
expenses for contributors who otherwise would not be able to attend.

#### Marketing

We plan on doing marketing to get the word out, print advertising in regional
newspapers, media press releases, posters, online (google, twitter, facebook,
linked in) as well as organic marketing efforts. We think that promotion and
marketing is very important for the conference and we want to do a great job
on that. We will also be printing up posters and flyers to distribute at the
cities, schools and universities in Kansas.

#### Design

We want to have teeshirts printed and have a nice design for them, ideally for
the website as well. We are looking for help on the design side and do not yet
have a designer on the project.

#### Website

We will want to get ssl certificates and also hosting for a dynamic website
for managing the registration of guests, speaker, talks and schedules. Until
then we will continue with a static website hosted on github.

### Sponsorship levels

  * **Platinum — USD $3,000** — 
  * **Gold — USD $2,000** — 
  * **Silver — USD $1,000** — Your logo or name on the conference shirt (one color only), plus the benefits below. 
  * **Bronze — USD $250** — Your logo or name in the information booklet and on the webpage page. Your sponsorship is also mentioned by name during Saturday morning's plenary session. 
  * **Expo Tables ** We have very limited space for expo tables in the conference room where the talks will be, there we will have some tables on the wall, but that wont have the expo table like atmosphere. We will have space for 3 tables outside in the main hall but only for hacklabs.We will provide tables, trash cans and power for the tables. 

